resume.md, before:

---
layout: page
permalink: /resume/
title: Resume
tags: [Web Development]
share: true
---

# Mitchell Pronschinske 
Email: mpronschinske [at] gmail [dot] com

# SUMMARY

I've been geeking out on developer technologies since before I even knew how to code.    Over the past four years I've been immersed in the developer content space and now, with two development courses under my belt, I'm eager to begin coding full time.  

# SKILLS / EXPERIENCE

### [Bloc, _Student_](https://www.bloc.io/users/mitch-pronschinske)
Online, 9/2013 – 12/2013

- A three-month online bootcamp to learn Ruby on Rails full-stack web development.
- **Skills learned**: Ruby, Ruby on Rails, RSpec, Vagrant, Homebrew, SublimeText, Sass, HAML, Twitter Bootstrap, Responsive Design, Git, Bash, Heroku, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Facebook Authentication, Amazon S3 (Had prior experience with several subjects through Codecademy and Code School).
- Completed projects in the portfolio section under "Rails."

### Coursera Interactive Programming in Python, *Student*
Online, 4/2013 – 7/2013     

- A three-month online course in Python game development from Rice University on Coursera.
- **Skills learned**: Python, General programming data types and techniques, GUI development.
- Completed projects in the portfolio section under "Python."

### DZone, Inc., *Lead Analyst, Senior Editor*
Cary, NC, 10/2009 – Present

- Created and managed sponsored content that comprised the largest piece of revenue for the company.
- Contacted and persuaded over 300 technology writers to join a blog republishing program that provided the bulk of content for DZone portals.
- Interviewed, hired and trained content managers to understand the software development space.
- Editorial liaison for sales and DZone customers.
- Oversaw departmental doubling of unique visitors in one year.
- Posted thousands self-authored entries generating millions of page views over the course of my career.


# EDUCATION

### University of North Carolina
Chapel Hill, NC, 8/2005 - 12/2008
Bachelor of Arts, Double Major: Classics and Video Production 

- Cumulative GPA: 3.6/4.0, Major GPA: 3.8/4.0 
- Member of the Marching Tar Heels Band, Student Television, and The Daily Tar Heel Newspaper

# PORTFOLIO

### Rails:  
[SoundtrackShare](soundtrackshare.herokuapp.com)

[Redditability](redditability.herokuapp.com)

### Python:  
[RPSLS][1], [Guess the number][2], [Stopwatch][3], [Pong][4], [Memory][5], [Blackjack][6], [Asteroids][7]


  [1]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user10_vyJWLa6JWm_2.py
  [2]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user11_glIedd6pfq_35.py
  [3]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user12_yZmMLnkGgq_6.py
  [4]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user13_4cWnFv9S3o_10.py
  [5]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user14_AVMptadUgq_9.py
  [6]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user15_UJHfmN9dCz_16.py
  [7]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user16_kxUyG6o0Iz_18.py

Commit message:

added writing samples to resume

resume.md, after:

---
layout: page
permalink: /resume/
title: Resume
tags: [Web Development]
share: true
---

# Mitchell Pronschinske 
Email: mpronschinske [at] gmail [dot] com

# SUMMARY

I've been geeking out on developer technologies since before I even knew how to code.    Over the past four years I've been immersed in the developer content space and now, with two development courses under my belt, I'm eager to begin coding full time.  

# SKILLS / EXPERIENCE

### [Bloc, _Student_](https://www.bloc.io/users/mitch-pronschinske)
Online, 9/2013 – 12/2013

- A three-month online bootcamp to learn Ruby on Rails full-stack web development.
- **Skills learned**: Ruby, Ruby on Rails, RSpec, Vagrant, Homebrew, SublimeText, Sass, HAML, Twitter Bootstrap, Responsive Design, Git, Bash, Heroku, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, Facebook Authentication, Amazon S3 (Had prior experience with several subjects through Codecademy and Code School).
- Completed projects in the portfolio section under "Rails."

### Coursera Interactive Programming in Python, *Student*
Online, 4/2013 – 7/2013     

- A three-month online course in Python game development from Rice University on Coursera.
- **Skills learned**: Python, General programming data types and techniques, GUI development.
- Completed projects in the portfolio section under "Python."

### DZone, Inc., *Lead Analyst, Senior Editor*
Cary, NC, 10/2009 – Present

- Created and managed sponsored content that comprised the largest piece of revenue for the company.
- Contacted and persuaded over 300 technology writers to join a blog republishing program that provided the bulk of content for DZone portals.
- Interviewed, hired and trained content managers to understand the software development space.
- Editorial liaison for sales and DZone customers.
- Oversaw departmental doubling of unique visitors in one year.
- Posted thousands self-authored entries generating millions of page views over the course of my career.


# EDUCATION

### University of North Carolina
Chapel Hill, NC, 8/2005 - 12/2008
Bachelor of Arts, Double Major: Classics and Video Production 

- Cumulative GPA: 3.6/4.0, Major GPA: 3.8/4.0 
- Member of the Marching Tar Heels Band, Student Television, and The Daily Tar Heel Newspaper

# PORTFOLIO

### Rails:  

[SoundtrackShare](soundtrackshare.herokuapp.com)

[Redditability](redditability.herokuapp.com)

### Python:  

[RPSLS][1], [Guess the number][2], [Stopwatch][3], [Pong][4], [Memory][5], [Blackjack][6], [Asteroids][7]

### Writing Samples

- [Dev Tech That Will be HOT in 2014](http://java.dzone.com/articles/dev-tech-will-be-hot-2014)
- [We Need a Programmer for President](http://architects.dzone.com/articles/would-you-vote-programmer)
- [Setting Up This Blog](http://mpron.github.io/first-post/)
- [Java EE Testing 'Gets Real'](http://java.dzone.com/articles/java-ee-testing-gets-real)
- [DigitalOcean Growth Rate is Higher than AWS](http://css.dzone.com/articles/digitalocean-growth-rate)

  [1]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user10_vyJWLa6JWm_2.py
  [2]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user11_glIedd6pfq_35.py
  [3]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user12_yZmMLnkGgq_6.py
  [4]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user13_4cWnFv9S3o_10.py
  [5]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user14_AVMptadUgq_9.py
  [6]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user15_UJHfmN9dCz_16.py
  [7]: http://www.codeskulptor.org/#user16_kxUyG6o0Iz_18.py
